Add support consulting page (#286)
hubverse-org/hubDocs: docs/source/overview/support-consulting.md

> # Support consulting

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Consulting support
```

> All Hubverse tools, packages, and documentation on this website are available open source to anyone looking to use them. However, setting up and maintaining a hub can be complicated and time-consuming, and we therefore recognize the desire that some users may have for additional tailored support. For this reason, we also offer consulting services that can provide additional assistance with tooling and tool development, hub set-up, and ongoing hub maintenance. Hubverse software consulting services can be written into grant proposals or directly contracted through the Biostatistics Consulting Center at UMass Amherst. An initial one-hour consultation or discussion about the Hubverse is free of charge, and we are always happy to discuss whether using the Hubverse for your project would be a good fit!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All Hubverse tools, packages, and documentation on this website are available open source to anyone looking to use them. However, setting up and maintaining a hub can be complicated and time-consuming, and we therefore recognize the desire that some users may have for additional tailored support. For this reason, we also offer consulting services that can provide additional assistance with tooling and tool development, hub set-up, and ongoing hub maintenance. Hubverse software consulting services can be written into grant proposals or directly contracted through the Biostatistics Consulting Center at UMass Amherst. Initial consultations and discussions about the Hubverse are free of charge, and we are always happy to discuss whether using the Hubverse for your project would be a good fit and help you get launched!
```

(Menu-of-services)=
## Menu of services

(Menu-of-services-1)=
```{admonition} Hourly hub consulting 
One-off discussions about use of tooling or additional tool development    
- $150 per hour
```

(Menu-of-services-2)=
```{admonition} Set-up of a real-time hub  
Includes initial consultation meetings, repository set-up, creation of configuration files, dashboard set-up    
- One-time $6000 fee
```

(Menu-of-services-3)=
```{admonition} Hub maintenance 
May include all or any combination of the following: troubleshooting validations, communication with modeling teams, dashboard maintenance, merging in pull requests, running baseline/ensemble models  

> - Monthly $3000-$6000, calculated as $150 per hour x 20-40 person hours a month, negotiable     

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Monthly \$3000-\$6000, calculated as \$150 per hour x 20-40 person hours a month, negotiable     
```

Reviewer: This was being rendered as LaTeX math, so I think we need to escape the dollar signs here to avoid this

> - Weekly $750-$1500, calculated as $150 per hour x 5-10 person hours a week, negotiable      

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Weekly \$750-\$1500, calculated as \$150 per hour x 5-10 person hours a week, negotiable      
```
